
Terms Of Service
By using any service(s) from us and by visiting our website (https://knabix.com), you are agreeing to these terms set forth in this Terms of Service.

(I) References:

(a). Knabix Host will be referred to as “Knabix Host”, “Us”,” We”, “Our” here on out. You will be referred to “You”, “Customer” here on out. This is for you to understand who we are referring to in this terms of service.

(II) Purchase:

(a). When you purchase any service from us, you are fully in acceptance of this terms of service and all other binding agreements such as acceptable use policies and privacy policy. If you violate this terms of service and all other binding agreements, we have the right to terminate your service without refund.

(b). Every of our services also incur its separate acceptable use policy. When purchasing a server, you are also agreeing to the specific acceptable use policy for that service.

(c). You must be 18 years of age or older when purchasing any of our services. If you are younger than 18 years of age, please ask a guardian to purchase the service. We will not be liable for unauthorized purchases on your behalf.

(III) Account credits:

(a). Account credits are only usable with us.

(b). Account credits can't be redeemed for tangible or virtual money (ex: withdrawing to PayPal or bank).

(IV) Termination:

(a). If you misuse our service then we have the rights to terminate your service. Misuses could be that you are using your service to store data that does not pertain to the purchased service (this includes, but is not limited to storing documents, videos, pictures, etc.). This also includes overflowing our server will huge amounts of files. Our service is not a storage service and must not be meant to be used in this manner.

(b). Our service shall not be used for illegal activities. Illegal activities would be anything that intends to hurt someone and any group or party. We will work with authorities to find for illegal activities.

(c). Having multiple client area accounts for the same person isn’t allowed and all subsequent accounts will be terminated. Sharing client area account is also prohibited. You own your account and you assume all responsibility for all actions that occur within your account, no matter if another person commenced the action.

(V) Fraud:

(a). By using our any of our service, you are agreeing that all submitted information are legitimate.

(b). If we are unable to verify your identity then we may request more information from you via email to update your account data on file with us. At times, we may terminate your account and service without an email warning because you are abusing our service or disobeying our terms of service, privacy policy, acceptable use policy, or federal laws.

(VI) Fair use policy:

(a). All services comes with the amount of resources and configurations you purchase at checkout unless you bought an addon for your service.

(b). We don’t place any limits on the bandwidth you can use, but if we deem that you are using a significant amount of resources such as bandwidth that negatively impacts our network then we will suspend your service with or without prior notice or consent.

(c). If you attempt to bypass these limits by any means then your service is subject to termination without notice.

(VII) Billing:

(a). Once you finalize your purchase with PayPal, you will receive a confirmation email telling you the server information. If you request a refund within 24 hours of activation then you will receive a full refund via PayPal. This only applies to new customers and their first order. The activation period starts when the payment gateway processes your payment.

(b). We are not liable for automatic PayPal transactions due to an active PayPal subscription being setup with us. This kind of incident will not be eligible for a refund whatsoever. Upon service cancellation, we recommend you check for any active PayPal subscriptions related to the service and cancel the subscriptions immediately. As we can't control your PayPal subscriptions, we are unable to cancel the subscription on your behalf.

(c). We can’t guarantee that all promotions and coupon codes will always work. Promotion and coupon codes will be subject to its own terms, so please read the terms before using the promotion or coupon code on our website.

(d). We are allowed to change our pricing for our service at any time. You are required to pay the new prices when renewing your service.

(e). Invoices are created and emailed to you fourteen (14) days before your renewal. You will also receive two (2) invoice reminders, seven (7) days and one (1) day before your renewal. Inability to pay will get your service suspended. You will have five (5) days after the due date to renew your service and after those five (5) days are up then your service will be terminated and all your files pertaining to your service will be deleted from our system. This extra five (5) does not mean extra days of service. We don’t accept extension requests.

(f). If we don't receive your payment for renewal regarding your existing service three (3) days after the invoice due date, we will issue a late fee of $1 USD to the invoice. This fee can't be removed and must be paid.

(VIII) Refund policy:

(a). We can only provide refunds to your first order you placed with us within 24 hours of receiving your server information regarding your service. After the 24 hours of receiving your server information are up then you are no longer eligible to receive a refund. All refunds are made through the same method you made during payment. This refund policy only applies to new customers on their first order. Services like domains and account credits cannot receive refunds. A list of nonrefundable services is listed below.

Domains and its related services

SSL certificates

(b). Payments made using the Bitcoin payment gateway is not covered by our refund policy due to the complexity of processing a refund. This means that purchases paid by Bitcoin cannot receive refunds. Although we fully accept Bitcoin payments, due to this, we recommend using PayPal.

(c). We'll only offer refunds if you provide us a valid probable cause for termination and as long as you have obeyed our terms of services, service's acceptable use policy, and federal laws while using our service. If we do not receive a valid probable cause and/or see that you didn’t follow these agreements then we reserve the right to cancel your service without refund. Furthermore, refunds are made at our discretion.

(IX) Service disruption:

(a). If you disrupt our service and/or other customer’s service by any means (DDoS, hacking, etc.), then we have the right to terminate your service and may you face penalties. We will work with authorities to resolve all cases under certain circumstances.

(X) SLA:

(a). We do our best to offer one-hundred percent (100%) uptime, but we do sometimes fail on that promise. We will compensate every of our affected customer by applying credits to your next invoice.

(b). For every hour of downtime we detect, we will compensate fifty cents (50¢ USD) for each hour of unavailability up to the full price of your renewal period.

(c). All downtime must be reported within three (3) days of the incident via support ticket to our Sales/Billing department to be able to be compensated. Additionally, the downtime must've been registered on our status page to be valid.

(d). Anything such as network and hardware issues is eligible. Scheduled maintenance are not eligible for this SLA uptime compensation.

(XI) Data backups:

(a). We will not be liable for loss of data. You as the customer are in charge of your server backups. Even if you have a scheduled backup task set, there will still be a chance that our system may corrupt all the data (Even backups), we are not liable for your data loss if that happens.

(XII) Domains and its services:

(a). You understand that domains registered through us are not owned by us and is owned by our reseller provider, which is eNom. eNom is the registry for all domains and domain services (ID Protection, email redirect, etc.) purchased through us. However, you will be able to edit every aspect (WHOIS, nameservers, ID Protection, email forwarding, and DNS) of your domain from our client area.

(b). Your domain will be governed by eNom which means all their policies on domains and its related services also applies to you.

(XIII) Denial of service:

(a). We have the right to deny service to anyone for any reason at our own discretion, regardless of whether or not you are in violation of our terms or not.

(XIV) Terms of service updates:

(a). We reserve the right to make revisions to our terms of service at any time. When we do, you must abide by the revisions or your service may get terminated. Terms of service updates will have an email notification sent out notifying you of any revisions.

(b). Even if some terms are not included in this terms of service or any other binding agreements, whether it be acceptable use policies or privacy policy, it doesn’t mean you won’t be held accountable for wrongdoings.

Last updated: Sunday, January 8th, 2017 (10:00 PM GMT)
